I
what's up everyone kale Smith here your
community manager for load up I'm joined
as always by mark now the creative
director ditch the king of creation
anyway today is the first major update
for you guys and we're going to tell you
all about it so the big update is player
progression a player progression means
that for real now as you're going up
levels as you play games at the end of
every game we're gonna be giving out
random stuff there were a little hints
of it before but now we've got real
progression as you go up levels you're
earning pieces they're yours and then
after every match we do a random thing
where we're giving out different pieces
and we're adding to that bucket of
random stuff that can be handed out all
the time so that's the big update its
progression you're going to going up
levels you earning pieces for real so
the bad news with that is that you guys
will be reset all your save data is
going to get wiped your levels will be
zero your weapons that you saved you
have to rebuild them and you have to
earn the parts and your equipment is
going to be lost so and what we're going
to do those for all you long time
players the higher the level you are
we're going to be giving you the in-game
currency space bucks here and that's not
thing we're going to be testing is the
store right so we're going to give you a
whole bunch of space books you will go
in the store and buy things test out the
store for us and I guess the main place
where you going to see all this is in
the weapon crafting that's a big part of
the game so with weapon crap you're
going to be able to do three things
you're going to be able to build your
weapons borrow them or buy them outright
right and so on the build if you if
you've earned the piece of certain
progression you can just build the
weapon build the weapons you have with
the pieces works like that borrow if you
don't have a piece or two we're still
going to let you use it take it yeah you
use a ticket and then you get the
tickets by playing as well and then or
you can just buy it you can buy it with
space bucks and then the space bucks
we've given you in the space books and
we're also giving people allowance of
space bucks nope easy yeah exactly based
upon how much you play so if you play a
whole bunch will be giving you a weekly
allowance of space books all to try out
they at the store you see you guys are
helping its test all that stuff out so
after you tested it let us know how you
guys feel about it provide lots of
feedback on player progression this is
really important you can head over to
the forums as you guys have always been
doing it's been fantastic big things
feedback there you can f7 it if you want
to send me a tweet whatever you guys
want to do we need
you back on it as much as possible
absolutely and yeah as you get all these
different pieces the store progression
if you hate it please let us know
specifically why you hate it and
constructive criticism always welcome
and it's been a big big help to us so
continued thank you for all that stuff
and please get on the forums let us know
what it's like as you're testing it out
yeah that's about it guys so we had a
little special surprise for you as well
coming out an update but that's it check
it out check out the update thank you
very much later